"You remember my Dad? He and *** were passing through on their way to Hong Kong and he was going on as usual about his imaginary diseases. At some point *** said that the next time he woke her because of his phantom asthma she'd just call an ambulance, and I went 'NOOO', haha."

"I felt absolutely wrecked after that night, you know. I slept for almost 30 hours and woke up dehydrated and totally limp, and bruised all over. Mrs *** had come in and cleaned up, though I don't remember anything. Next time I'd better leave a note in case she calls an ambulance! Sorry, haha. Anyway, the next night (about a week later, I think) we met someone you know. He was in that band that did Towers Of London, the blond guy with the glasses."

Andy Partridge...???

"I think so, it sounds like it. That night was terrible, btw. I was so out of it at some point I wanted to sit on top of the van and let the wind keep me awake. The only reason why I didn't was because Xenu had welded the megaphone to the roof at Yoyo's request (orders) and I really had enough of that damn thing. Yoyo had put the microphone on a longer cable and stuck to the speaker of his ghettoblaster, and he had a whole bag of tapes with sound effects and crazy stuff from old records. You know, that 'HELLOOOOOO BAAABYYY' thing that discjockeys do."

Listen, are you sure it was him, seriously? As far as I know, he doesn't travel if he can help it, and wtf would he be doing over there? When was this again? And was he alone?

"Umm, well, I think so. English, getting a bit pudgy, balding, round glasses? And he had that 'browrowr' accent (Wiltshire). The centre called it in, said it was a foreigner, a popstar or something, and we should ask for cash at the hotel reception. Pretty sure that was the name on his papers too. Oh, but he was listed at the hotel as Sir John, single room, full board. Had guitars in his room and all, so you decide. I told you this was the mid-nineties."

Jesus Christ. OK, so what did you do to him?

"Hang on, I'll start at the beginning or I get mixed up again. Okay, so we had nice weather and I felt really up for a night with the crazies. I'd had the rest of the joose Yoyo gave me. Dosed in syringes with diet coke stuck in pink bubblegum. Xenu was going to pick me up. I gave him the address after I was hit last time, in case they needed to dump me in a hurry."

"So around the corner comes the van, completely sandblasted, megaphone welded to the roof, and of course screeching in 2nd gear. They're both there already, so I climb over Yoyo and almost put my foot in a big open bucket of red paint. Yoyo said they were going to give the van a make-over to make it look more official, cause they'd had trouble with the cops a few nights before. I still don't know what the arrangement was, but officially they were sort of auxiliary orderlies without the statutes of municipality-based personnel, I think they said."

"They'd been on shift for hours already, cause the early night crew had had an accident (I wondered whether they were all like my boys, but never had a chance to find out), they'd been run over by a bus hauling tourists from Denmark. Mood was great though. They wanted to stop for snacks before we radioed in, so we went to the opposite corner of the park from the first night where they had stands with stuff, mostly horrible oily junkfood and mystery meatballs."

"I'm sort of ashamed to admit this, but I immediately thought of fucking up some customers at the stands, with surprise medication I mean. Oh, I asked Yoyo if he knew what had happened at the bar from last time, and he said they'd been back the next night and it was totally empty, but the floor was like the mother of all cocktails, covered in liquids. He actually didn't remember his thing with the vodka bottles, but I think he was well pleased when I told him. I'd hoped for something a bit more sensational, like people running around flapping their arms and all that, but I did wonder what had happened to them and hoped they were all right."

"One of the stands was doing imitations of the stuff you find in Germany, in snackbars I mean. Curry sausages and meatblobs on sticks, all dripping in sauce, yuck. So Yoyo goes over and orders like 20 pieces of curryblob with extra gristle and this guy (the vendor) doesn't like it of course. He asks 'take out?' and Yoyo says something like 'no, we'll throw it away right here chief'. Guy even less amused, but Xenu tells him to keep his pants one or we'll call food inspection. Anyway, Yoyo gets his load of greasemeat and while the guy is ranting about the quality of his wares, he (Yoyo) dumps the sausages straight back into the deepfrier behind the counter, but with a squirt of coke & joose in each. I was laughing my head off."

"We actually got some food from one of the other stands that did sandwiches and soup, and I think that was a good idea, given the amount of drugs we'd be ingesting later on. There was no booze in the van this time, but Yoyo had a huge plastic Nescafe jar with everything from benzedrine to methaqualone(?) and Xenu had refilled the joose jar, which was now stuck into a gap in the dashboard. I remember it looked positively vile after it had gone into that madman's mouth last time I was with them. Xenu said they'd dumped the rest in the coffee cistern at the railroad cafeteria. I tell you, better not eat out here! There was also some morphine, though they were supposed to sign for that, so it was off-limits for now. Pity."

"First call was a cardiac arrest not far away, so we took it (we shared night duty with a crew from another district, cause there was a football match on, and you know you're in for a double load when that happens). Intervention was uneventful, so I won't get into that. Except of course the usual fridge pilfering. Xenu scored a big Tupperware thing with macaroni, which we forgot about till I discovered it on our next night together, moulding away under the steering column, all green and with wiggly bits in, yuck. The cardiac was a clown from one of the local circuses (they have lots here), which inspired Yoyo to give the van an extra touch, but I'll tell you about that later. I don't think they did stuff to him, just kept him alive."

"Next call we got when we were still at the centre, and this one was the one with the singer. Now, the moment the boys heard 'English', 'popsinger', they went ape. Yoyo insisted on going by his flat to pick up a copy of Neil Diamond's Hot August Night (please look at the cover), and Xenu had heard this Michael Jackson joke he tried to share with anyone with a few words of English (the punchline required it), so a real Englishman was going to assure plenty of laughs by his logic. I'm not sure Xenu actually got the joke himself, but knowing it was a joke was enough for him. Also, his English was limited to the names of cars, junkfood, and about a dozen words of idiom."

"The story was that the singer in question had been bothering fellow guests at the ***, which incidentally provided the centre with lots of business. I'll tell you later (next time we were out). He'd oiled himself up in some kind of animal fat and was 'inspecting' every room on the floor to check for people wearing toupets, wigs, or any kind of fake hair, bellowing like a sea elephant. I couldn't wait to get there, but Yoyo was serious about taking Neil along and made us wait around the corner from where his flat was (didn't want me to know the address). He comes back with 2 copies of a bootleg (those white cover ones) of Hot August Night and a kitbag full of stuff. We all take some joose & diet coke to brace for the encounter with international fame and Xenu actually uses 3rd gear for a change. The megaphone is operational and Yoyo is screaming 'YOU GOT THE WAY TO MOVE ME' along with Cherry, Cherry. I must say that I dearly loved those guys that night. Hadn't had that much fun since I was small and expectations and standards were so much lower. Xenu had cleaned the seat for me."

"Okay, down at reception they told us they had only a skeleton crew for that night, cause everybody was out at the game, and could we please just go up there and sort things out asap. No lift, so Xenu starts cursing up the stairs, Yoyo is up 2 floors already, and I gather the info I just gave you (about who it was), cause I was pretty curious muself. When I caught up with them Xenu was trying to hold a smallish guy who was slipping through any grip Xenu was trying on him, so the fat thing seemed true. Basically, you don't really question that sort of thing after a few hours on the nightshift anyway. Xenu was panting like mad, cause he was trying to get his joke out at the same time. Btw, it went something like Michael Jackson is on a plane and it's about to crash and there's only so many parachutes, so when the steward offers him one he asks 'what about the children?' and the steward says 'fuck the children' and Michael goes 'is there time?'; anyway, Xenu only got to mentioning Michael Jackson once before the guy went ab-so-lu-te-ly kerrrazeee. To be fair, I'd feel the same way, haha."

"He actually shakes off Xenu and flees to his room, doing the barking seal thing and leaving big sticky footprints on the faded red carpet. I thought of the Cannes premiere of Tarzan. Yoyo is in another room, apparently distracted by a couple who are visibly panicked by the situation, and he's tellling them he has something for them if they only shut up for a sec. Joose jar, washstand glass, ginger ale from the mini-bar, 2 more happy customers. He's actually furious with Xenu for getting to the star first and making him mad with his stupid Michael Jackson joke, so he breaks out the heavy artillery that is Neil Diamond's Hot August Night. Of course he's got it on tape too, but thank God the megaphone is stuck on the van now. He starts pummelling the guy's door with his blaster on full volume and a rather scary look in his eyes. Like a Jehova's witness, you know. Zealous. The guy is roaring at him from behind the door just about as loud, though. I wish I had better English, cause I'm not sure what he said most of the time, even when he wasn't screaming. Anyway, Xenu's going to kick in the door, so we back up and he dislodges a few layers of plywood before the lock comes off."

"Xenu's struggling with the guy again, with Yoyo circling them both, waiting for an in. It's just that instead of a syringe, jar, or knife he's brandishing his damn Neil Diamond bootlegs. I risk his wrath and turn off the tape player hanging from his belt, cause the noise is just crazy and who knows, someone may call the cops. All the time I was with them I had this idea it might be a very bad idea to run into cops, certified first-aiders or not."

"The next bit is like a cartoon in my mind, maybe because the joose was really working with the blood pumping overtime, I could see it in the others too. Yoyo had his eyes so wide open I think he'd lose them; whereas Xenu seemed to be on autopilot. He (Xenu) had torn down the curtain cords and was trying to tie the guy's left arm to his left leg and vice versa for the other side. When he was done we had a greased up frog with glasses sitting on the bed (his arms were pulled back by an umbrella that Yoyo had slipped between his elbows and his back). I thought the tasseled ends of the curtain ropes looked nice, so remembering my nurse's bonnet from last time I made a fez from a lampshade and elastic I removed from the hem of my parka, and put it on the guy's head. Yoyo liked this very much and suggested we give him a big droopy moustache too, and that we might break his glasses in half to make it a monocle."

"I voted against the latter, but agreed on the moustache, so Xenu is sent to look in the other rooms for something to make one. It did occur to me that we were now on a postiche hunt ourselves and I hoped the lard rubbing wouldn't follow as a consequence, you never know. The guy starts shouting about which rooms have people in them whom he suspects may be wearing wigs or stuff, at least that's what I understand. I'm supposed to translate for the boys anyway, but I'm feeling less than adequate. Then Xenu returns with an old man in pyjamas and a full head of hair and an impressive moustache, a bit like you know who (she means Stalin). He props him up in front of our talking frog and starts lecturing about certain people who are not being nice would have to explain themselves to the Little Father here, and never mind he's in pyjamas, he's got all night. The popstar only has eyes for the guy's moustache."

"Yoyo is following this and tells Xenu to hold tight, then puts a strip of duct tape on the moustache and cuts it off with a few slashes from his Rambo knife. The old man is petrified, but accepts a glass of vodka filled to the brim I scrounge from the room next door. We now have a full moustache sitting on duct tape and are thinking of a way to put it on the popstar intact. Xenu's brain fires an extra cycle and he goes down to the lorry for some heavy duty epoxy stuff he's got in his toolbox. While we're waiting for him Yoyo leads the old man back to his room and locks the door from outside. I try to find the star's papers, but he only has a customs chit about a visa and stuff; maybe his passport's in the hotel safe. I ask him his name, but for the moment he seems to be in a low dip - we later find out he cycles through 3 modes: insane, interesting, and inanimate. When Xenu slabs the epoxy on his upper lip he's actually helpful and muttering things like your Queen talks, you know? Like your chin's in your neck, 'dah dah dah'. We pass around Yoyo's Nescafe tin and pick out pills like Smarties, with Xenu complaining about Yoyo taking all the yellow ones. I stick to speed and joose, which is a good way to obliterate inhibitions, I tell you. Leaves an awful taste though."

"After a minute or so the moustache goes on and wow does this stuff stick to human skin. The only trick now is to get the duct tape off without destroying our work. The guy's still docile and saying 'warm water', so Xenu runs some of the tea in his thermos behind the tape. A bit too hot, it appears, cause now the star is thrashing again. Froggy style. Yoyo's had enough and rips the tape off the guy's face and hurray we have a big bushy moustache under a winered fez with a tassel from the curtain cord stuck on top. Yoyo suggests we put some clothes on the guy but doesn't want to untie him, so they put him in several sets of baggy pyjama pants also from the next room, and then a woollen jumper or two. The effect is now one of a guy with only 2 limbs; the pyjama bottoms are hoisted over his shoulders and the jumpers' sleeves hold both his arms and legs. Xenu puts him under his left arm and thunders down the stairs while Yoyo and I shovel everything that looks like personal belongings into a big briefcase. We'd later find 2 toupets in there, by the way. Didn't fit our star though."

"There's a brief altercation downstairs between an assistant manager and Yoyo, but to my surprise Neil Diamond bootlegs have use as bribe currency, cause the guy accepts one and turns away. To Yoyo this seems perfectly natural, btw. Anyway, Xenu chucks the frog prince in the back of the van and we get out of there. Off to a quiet place to get our breath back, and for a chance to find some valid papers (read: cash) among all the junk in the briefcase."

"Back at the park, and Xenu is feeding our guest, he seems to really like the guy. Yoyo is chomping at the bit to lay some Neil on him, but Xenu keeps him at bay with the soldering spraycan he's using to heat the soup turreen, which is now in the back, tied to a spare tyre."

Sorry, did you know it was Partidge at this time? The barking like a seal bit sounds like him all right, but you couldn't know that, right?

"Oh no, I only knew he was checked in as Sir John something, and since we don't have the habit of putting Mr and Mrs in front of people's names so much, and the difference between Sir and Mr was a bit hazy for me then, I just took it for Mr John. I heard the other name, Partridge, at the centre, later ('PADDREECHZ'). Someone had called the police, who called the hotel, who called the centre. Anyway, you'll see. For the moment we were just happy to have him. He seemed like a good sport when he wasn't shouting or rolling his eyes back into their sockets, and I helped Xenu explain to him that we were going to paint the van now. He agreed."

"So we got out the red paint and a stepladder from the back, then realised there was no brush. Xenu was on a roll tonight and came up with the idea of using the toupets we'd found in the briefcase. We asked the guy if that was okay with him, and he didn't seem to mind, so we cut them up and tied them to a jack handle, a plastic stop sign and Yoyo's big knife. Xenu and I were working on one side each and Yoyo was doing the back. My side looked pretty good to me, though I broke the stop sign. Turns out Yoyo did this huge clownface on the doors. It looked really nice too, with a huge red mouth and rings around the eyesockets, and he'd scraped away all the paint from where the eyes where, so they glimmered in the light. My idea to glue the wigs on to make clownhair, you know with 2 bulbs on the sides. Looked great!"

"Our star liked it too, and we sat on a low wall admiring the work. Then Yoyo ran to the cab and came back with lots of mayonnaise he'd swiped from the foodstand earlier, miced it in with the remaining paint and got it to turn a sick yellow, enough to paint horrible teeth with, so he did that and gave the clown some nice fangs to top things off. Now this clashed apparently with our patient's good taste, cause he started roaring incomprehensibly again."

"Xenu thought maybe he was afraid of clowns, but Yoyo said that clowns are for fun and how could you be afraid of something funny, and 'DON'T TOUCH THOSE TEETH OR I'LL PISS IN YOUR SOUP', which settled it. Yoyo got in the back with the guy and we were ready to drive back to the centre, but then things got a bit funny. I could see Yoyo holding his Neil Diamond bootleg in front of the 'patient' (we hadn't really treated him - yet) and gesticulating with his right hand as if playing a guitar. It looked like a scene from a Bogart movie gone wrong, because of the fez and moustache on a tied up prisoner, with Yoyo as Peter Lorre getting the truth out of his victim by threatening to play Hot August Night again; torture, as it were."

"Anyway, Xenu was trying to see what Yoyo was doing as well, and as we went round the next corner he barreled straight into a mini-bus. Which was packed with hooligans - the football game, you know. Now these people were very, very drunk, and this plus their reputation in general should have put us in the clear with any cops that might appear soon, if it weren't for the fact that we were transporting a bound Levantine mutant frog in a van with a giant clownface on the back. I suppose being loaded on and with all kinds of drugs was a minus too."

"The others must have realised this even quicker than I did, cause Yoyo comes storming out the back dual-wielding a jack handle and a tyre iron, while Xenu is hitting and stomping on the hooligans as they fall out of the minibus. I decide to go sit with the patient in case a stray thug finds him, but not before I hit play on Yoyo's ghettoblaster. I was (joose) thinking that Neil Diamond from a megaphone would at least puzzle the rowdies long enough for the boys to get some hits in. In fact, I saw Xenu hammer a skinhead as 'Holly Holy' started."

"In the back the patient was making faces with his moustache and blubbering 'quite' 'indeed' 'rather' 'oh dear' with a snort in between each words, like an old train gaining speed, you know. He also stank really bad from whatever it was he'd slathered all over himself, despite the layers of clothes. I suddenly felt deeply sorry for him and wanted to make him comfortable, so I shared 2 coke & joose and a handful of bennies with him and put a tangerine in his mouth. I think I forgot to peel it, though. Then the whole van was rocking, cause the fight had gone out of hand and the hooligans had Xenu and Yoyo pinned to the right side."

"For some reason this made me very mad. You know I hate sports, and people who get worked up over sports even more, and especially the loud and violent kind. So in fact here's a chance to let off some steam, thanks to the drugs and the boys' moral support. I got the welding can and lit it to a big blue flame and jumped outside, I felt like Mel Gibson, haha. Oh man, how nylon, polyester, dralon, and all that stuff lights up easily. I got 3 or 4 of them just swooping past with the can, but then Yoyo took it away from me before I got him by mistake, and he was partly sticking to the fresh paint, so he couldn't get away. Xenu was delighted."

"Yoyo got the worst of the thugs, a Russian skinhead, by his ankles and dragged him to the back of the van, while Xenu went stomping on the guys who were rolling on the ground to put out the fire. The minibus was totalled by the looks of it, but apart from a big dent the lorry was okay. I pulled Xenu back, cause I wanted to get out of there, and Yoyo was yelling to get a move on from the back of the van. So we got the hell out, in 3rd gear again, even."

"Now, I don't know if I should elaborate on the next bit, but Yoyo had the skinhead in the back with him and was giving him a hard time, so to say. I was going to make Xenu stop the van and do something about it, but then the doors flew open and Yoyo kicked the thug out. I reckon from the outside it must have looked like Bozo the clown coughing up a meatball."

"We drove to the park to inspect the damage before going to the centre. Xenu looked okay, but Yoyo had so much blood over him that his hair stood up; it was caked in it. No water nearby except for a small fountain/birdbath sitting on top of a 3m high column, so Xenu says he'll hold the stepladder and Yoyo should climb up and try to put his face in the birdbath. Yoyo won't hear of it though. Instead, he says we're going to shove the stepladder up the inside of the patient's jumpers from the back and he will catch water in the empty paint bucket, which of course still has some in it, but hey. I have no idea how the guy's supposed to catch the water with his arms and legs tied, but Yoyo's already busy with the ladder. Next thing I know, Xenu has a popsinger on a stick, and starts raising him to the fountain. Another car appears though, and Xenu puts the guy back in the van, ladder still attached, while Yoyo will do the talking, if necessary. I get in the back with the guy and tell him to keep still."

"Uh oh, it's the police. Yoyo is emcee'ing, trying to appear jovial, offering cigarettes, etc. Just a pity he looks as if he just stuck his head into a fresh carcass. Xenu is looking up at the sky, going 'hem' and 'haw', and I really fear this means trouble. I hear the cops asking what's in the back, so I nudge the doors open to the maximum, hoping they won't see the clown's face that way, and try to tidy up things as best as I can. When they get there, I make as if I'm taking the patient's pulse and try to look busy. Obvious questions: 'who are you?' - 'nurse', 'who's he?' - 'patient', 'why's he stuck to the ladder?' - 'slipped disc'."

"Then Yoyo pulls out a small flat bottle of Black & White whisky; the sneak had had it in his utility vest underneath the sports jacket. The cops smile, Xenu goes for the plastic cups we had our soup in, and everybody's beaming. 'So who's the guy then?' says boss cop after his 2nd cup. Yoyo hadn't eaten much and was full of joose, so the whisky had hit him hard, I guess. He comes over to me, puts his arm around the patient's shoulder, props him up as far as he can to face the cops, and says 'my friends, this... is... NEIL DIAMOND!' I completely lost it there, couldn't stop laughing, and the cops thought it was super funny, although they clearly had no idea of who Neil Diamond was. Xenu looked a bit hurt (maybe he had another identity in mind for our patient), but we were so tight suddenly, it was all okay. Saved by a piddling amount of whisky, by local standards that is. The cops asked if we had any goodies with us, and Xenu offered them the morphine, but they went with some benzedrine and 2 syringes of joose & coke. Decent guys, really. Didn't bother us any longer, even when the popstar on a stick asked to see the Tsar immediately. Boss cop said the Tsar had left the building, in English! Anyway, we gave them some more pills and got ready to zoom off again."

"Back at the centre we had some problems with papers (read: no cash on the patient) until they got the message from the cops. Xenu put the popstar on one of the big radiators and we split. I later learned two more things: 1. he'd made a big pool of animal fat under the radiator while waiting for an English speaker to process him; 2. he was initially checked in as Sir Neil Diamond (Yoyo's work). We left the fez and moustache on, now that I think of it."
