Here's what happened to an acquaintance of mine a few years ago. She told me this over the phone after I mentioned the joose. I started taping the conversation with her consent after a lengthy preamble - she asked to clean up any direct references to people or locations, cause she promised the people involved never to make this public; one of the guys is still working.

The friend's from Ukraine, but after listening to the story again I'm not 100% sure this took place there, as she was moving about a bit at that time. She was trying to get press work as a free-lance journalist and had made a deal with an ambulance crew to accompany them at night in the roughest districts in return for a few hundred US dollars and a case of Jack Daniel's.

I transcribed and translated the talk from German dialect (we met when we were both living in the Rhineland-Palatinate region for a while), which neither of us masters completely, so there may be a few gaps in places due to line noise and language barriers. It's a pretty faithful transcription, but I did cut repetitions and interruptions. Sorry if it reads funny.

italics are mine:

"Okay, listen, I promised them not to use this (they gave me the money back and all) for obvious reasons, but I really regret it. I had to tell *** and *** 4 times and they wet themselves from laughing each time so I'm sure I could sell it."

"All right. So these guys were going to let me sit with them between 1am and 5am; they had this old Mercedes lorry with a big bench in the front. I thought it was an excuse for groping (oh sorry, hand slipped off the stick, blah blah), but X., the big guy (I guess at least 120kg) never shifted gears actually. Just did everything in second. In his words: combat driving."

"I got on just around the corner from what they called the multi-purpose emergency centre, and Y. joined us 2 streets further on. That guy looked exactly like that jealous guy in the Amelie Poulain film, with the laundry iron face. X. was like those american wrestlers with no brow and tiny ears; he said he was in the army but the way he fucked up later I wasn't so sure."

"They wanted to stop for a snack first, so we drove to this tiny park behind the ***. Y. downed 2 cans of cold beans in tomato sauce from an american(?) army ration - this guy is nuts about everything american; the bourbon was his idea and he told X. that it was irish brandy... X. ate a rabbit."

"I had to ask 10 times to show me the sick compartment in the back. It had like a big wooden medecine cupboard on one side panel and 2 spare wheels on the other. Just enough space for a stretcher (simple 2-pole and a cloth in some horrible red-brown-yellow), and shoved against the cab were 3 crates of booze and a huge bag full of needles and stuff. Oh, and a dead bird X. was going to eat later."

"You know I don't mind crazy as long as it's fun crazy. These guys were pretty fun crazy in my eyes, but you judge:"

"Just a few things X. said (before the other stuff happened):
- they don't see the moon in Australia cause it's on the other side of the Earth
- my mother was a woman
- the Beatles were okay until they did that disco stuff with the high voices

And Y.:
- I'm a Neil Diamond fan cause his albums came out on the best cassettes, transparent
- If you fuck with a Neil Diamond fan he will kick you out of his heart without alimony
- Quacking Rouzy WANNA DIE, Quacking Rouzy WANNA DIE (singing along to Cracklin' Rosie)
"

"Y. fishes half a dozen pill bottles out of his banana bag (fanny pack). I'll give you the equivalent names, cause generics have different names here: Xanax, Prozac, Librium, Valium, and what you call the joose (Y. called it 'brainwipe' - 'Tipp-Ex for the brain'). He also had lots of laxatives, but I'll tell you that later. X. downs an entire bottle of *** (cheap Underberg knock-off - a kind of stomach soother, basically alcohol with a few herbs) and a handful of pills of his own, and we take off for our first call; radioed in 10 minutes earlier."

"Y. explains that he likes working with X. because the stretcher hardly tips when they do stairs; small guy on one end, big guy on the other. X. rams 2 kids on a moped. The boy is thrown forward in a neat arc, the girl receives the handlebars in her face. X. is belching like a maniac from the *** and I don't think he even noticed anything. Y. yells at him to stop the van and I run back to the kids with him. X. backs up, twists the moped some more, and nearly lands on the boy's head when he drops out of his seat. Then he grabs the girl, wipes her face in the snow, and empties a half bottle of Slivovitz into her mouth. Y. is still yelling at him, but busy finding a needle so that he can 'wipe the kids brain'. I had no idea what this stuff would do at this point like I said."

"Anyway, you're not going to believe this, but these guys just dumped both kids and the moped in a big rubbish bin a few streets further. X. still belching like a whale, engine screaming in second gear, Y. turns on his big portable tape player and starts the Quacking Rouzy stuff. I wonder if our actual patient (the one we were called for) is going to like this."

"You've never seen an apartment as filthy as this guy's place. He had a pig in there and 2 dogs, though they were all quiet and didn't bother us. There was this gunk on the floor that looked like a mix of dust, spilt food, booze, and (animal?) excrement. The guy had a fridge covered in Esso stickers and a sofa cut in 2 to make 2 chairs. X. had another bottle in his hand, so I thought he was going to put it into the patient again, but Y. pulled up liquid from it in a big syringe and he and X. took the guy's trousers (sweatpants actually used for doing lots of sweating in, I think - they were the same colour as the stretcher) off and stuck the syringe up his (the guy's) bum. I don't know if they actually diagnosed the man with anything, but I was behind on the stairs, cause I wasn't sure whether to get any deeper into the stink. Y. said this guy looked like a troublemaker (big guy, for sure), so he gave him a double dose of 'Tipp-Ex'. Why up the bum? Y. said it was to show who's boss..."

"This joose stuff takes a while to come on, no? Cause the man was still wiggling a lot and screaming things (he was screaming before we got there, I forgot to say) like 'put my pants on' and 'stay away from my ass'. Also forgot to say I'd been hitting the Slivovitz a bit after the moped thing, so I was beginning to enjoy myself. I'd also taken a Valium when I left home to appear more professional. I didn't know it was going to be like this. Then X. starts going through the guy's things while Y. is cooking more bean rations of his on the stove, and lighting one cigarette after the other. He'd been popping big yellow pills since after our snack, so I think he was fairly out of it. X. finds a dress that almost fits him and the jokes about hefty women start. He puts it in his bag. So now we have theft on top of everything else. Oh, he also pinched a bunch of snowglobes; 'Rosebud, Rosebud!'"

"All right, so then this ruckus starts downstairs. First 3, then more guys come up and try to pick a fight with Y., who's squirting joose down the piglet's throat (using the same syringe that went up the guy's bum, poor piglet). Apparently he had business with one or some of them a while ago, and things turned sour. X. said something about those dopes not being able to distinguish morphine from ammonia water, cause that's what Y. had been selling them. He (X.) starts pushing the gang down the hallway and Y. drags the patient on the stretcher. The patient is out to lunch by now, big smile on his face too."

"I try not to get mixed up in all this and follow the parade down the stairs. When we get to the front door I see at least 8 guys and a horrible fat bloat of a woman jump from the back of the 'ambulance' (boozemobile) laughing their heads off. Things are getting nasty by the door and X. and Y. sort of run to the van and shove the patient in without looking. I could swear I heard this strange sucking sound when the stretcher went in, but I got so out of it later that I'm probably just wishing for nice details."

"We get in the cab as fast as we can and X. pulls out like a rocket. I think he actually shifted down to first, heh. You know that 3T Mercedes, right? There's just a small window between the cab and the back, and you can't open it. We just barrel down the alley and try to get on the main road and away from the vengeance brigade. Y. is blasting some Best Of Neil Diamond, and X. tries to balance a torch on his forehead - while driving at top speed, though second gear again."

"We get back at the centre and try to look sort of serious and busy, cause X. and I were now pretty woofed from the plum brandy. Y. had made himself a 'joose and coke' just before we arrived, but that wouldn't do much till later. Anyway, they pull open the doors and this stench comes wafting out. Those people I saw jumping off the back when we got downstairs? They'd shat all over the place and the patient had landed right in the mess when the boys dumped him on the floor instead of sliding the stretcher on the rails that were there for it. Have you ever wondered how much excrement about 10 people (or more, cause they may have been taking turns) with poor diets (the evidence was there) can produce in I'd say 12 minutes tops (from when the fight started)? A lot, believe me. We're talking volumes here, like someone opened a tap."

"Anyway, X. and Y. slide the stretcher out as is, and enter the centre's side doors. I almost didn't go in, but then I wouldn't have seen this biblical image of the crowds parting like the Red Sea on a smelly Moses's command. They parked the poor guy in the far corner of the hall, checked out with the administrator (they have to get the patient's insurance card and a signature) I don't know how, and we get out of there before anyone can ask questions. Imagine me with the silly giggles running after a (still) belching hulk and a wired maniac, both wiping their hands on anything they pass that looks like cloth. Including some poor old granny's hair..."

"Y. screaming mad about the mess, of course, so we're breaking our heads trying to think of a place where we can hose out the van. At this time I was feeling very weird from the Slivovitz plus joose. It was as if I was sitting piggyback on my own shoulders, observing what I said and did, which was all getting stranger and stranger. So I suggested we just drive the van in reverse into this prick's office garden, - the guy I told you about who tried to do a couch interview for a bloody researcher job - which has a pond in it. This we agree to do. Took a while to find it, during which Y. filled syringes with joose and coke and X. kept asking if we thought his lunch (the dead bird) would still be edible if he gave it a good once-over with the welding can (a spraycan with a valve for soldering metal, actually)."

"I seriously had these giggle fits that must be from the joose, cause alcohol doesn't really do much for me, and X. just kept on ripping these thunderous belches every 2 minutes or so. Drowned out even Neil Diamond. Of course, the way things were going, there are still people in the prick's office and X. tries to get us out of the little garden with the koi(?) pond. Doesn't work, so he opens another bottle of Slivovitz while Y. starts yapping about emergencies and we're on a mission and stuff. I thought he sounded pretty convincing, but then I noticed the fat woman's dress (that X. had taken from the piglet flat) was around his waist, and he'd taken his boots off."

"Long argument starts between X. and what turned out to be the watchman, his brother in law and 2 prostitutes. None of those 4 seemed very intelligent, to say the least, cause X. actually got them involved in finding a solution for cleaning our van and the gear instead of throwing us out on the spot. X. offers them a bottle of the unlabelled booze, Y. reaches over to fish the only clean one left from the sidepocket of the cabdoor, and squirts in a syringeful of joose & coke while the others aren't paying attention".

"Most of the rest is just flashes, but I do remember the lorry got clean somehow, and we took the watchman's brother in law back to the centre after Y. bet him his mouth couldn't hold a snowglobe. It could, but getting it out didn't work so well. The guy basically didn't know what he was doing anymore by this time, and X. told me a few days later that he was having doubts about Y., cause he had tried to make the guy pull his pants down and sit on another snowglobe while Y. was pushing on his shoulders from above. I believe him after the scene at the pig apartment"

"Anyway, that was the first night."
